Colonization modules use the same LivingSpace module that planets use, not cargo space

Race modification window contains living space types

ZL: Idea for our space game: LivingSpace is self sustaining but low volume, while HiCapLivingSpace is high volume, but requires
water from other planets. This would give a reason to have systems that only produce food for exporting and systems that only
contain pop. It'd also give an option for building tall / increasing core world pop cap
KN: Food and water need their own production and storage, you can't dump them onto the warehouse floor

KN: Fuel, water are tanked resources. Each ship has a certain capacity, which is decreased over time by a rate which is a function
of engine efficiency for fuel and water needs for water. Water is renewable in that it can be recycled from farm and waste modules.

ZL: Mountain ranges are nebula or asteroid belts (something that blocks both vision and movement)

ZL: Planets are components of stars. Everything from ships to stars would have the same logic behind them. Use the same window you'd use to build ships to build on planets

ZL: While everything uses the same components, several components would have to be combined in modules to become stronger,
change their effects, or to have an effect at all. This would mean that there would have to exist Modules and Components that have an affect on outside entities, as well as affects with each other.
This would be rather straight forward with engines, e.g. the power and type of engine gives you different speeds and visibility
to other players, but some other examples could be:
Scanners that would allow engines and other objects to be seen by other players in the first place
Cloaks that would suppress the visibility of engine output and the ship as a whole
Shields that would have to be upgraded along side engines to keep debris out while in ever increasing warp speeds
Armor that determines how close to a star a ship can be / how long it can stay there, as well as resistance to lasers
Tractor beams that effect how much and how far away material can be collected / moved, basically a different type of cargo space
And components that apply ship self buffs and effects to affect other ships.
A Self-Repair component that repairs hull / armor / components
A Aura component that can apply ship effects to an area around the ship, more increasing the range
A Beam component similar to the aura component that affects a cone away from the ship, with more increasing the range
An isolator component that contains other components, so a Repair component and a tractor component don't affect the same ships
These components can be combined to creat modules that effect the entity's surrounding, such as a beam and tractor component
being combined to create a tractor beam

First Scout Example:
  Scanner - Command Pod - Crew Module - Life Support - Reactor - Fuel - Engine
  
  Problems:
    Scanner would be required since that's the whole point of a scout
      The scanner could have two different designs:
        A Scanner module and an Aura component to scan the immediate area around the ship
        A Scanner module and a Beam component to scan an object, but would leave the ship blind outside of the cone
        Would this be wanted? An alternative would to just have a single scanner component that can't be modified outside of adding more
        scanners for increased range, but would have the functionality of both Scanner module types.
    Command Pod, Crew Module, and Life Support:
      Should these not be the same component?
        Command Pod would compete with Drone pod to choose what drives the ship
        Crew Module would contain Pop
        Life Support would contain Water
        Pop requires Water, so if something were to contain pop, it should also contain water
        But water does not require pop, so water could be contained within a separate cargo pod
        Command Pod requires pop to function, else it would be a Drone Pod
        Therefore, Command Pod and Crew Module should be the same component, and LivingSpace would contain pop and its required water
    Reactor, Fuel, and Engine
      An Engine would determine if movement outside of an orbit is allowed or not
        An engine with a beam component would just be a normal engine, but what if it had an aura component?
        Would it function as a UFO does, reduced speed but in any direction? This would allow for a more maneuverable ship, but would
        require the use of a parent ship if it was needed to go anywhere at a decent speed. Is a parent "ship" the right line of
        thinking? A fully functional ship? Or would an interstellar engine that's only used between stars constitute as the parent
        ship, and that even the largest of vessels would have omnidirectional engines? Maybe not, since that would create an area
        of vulnerability in interstellar ship design, when the parent ship could be made less maneuverable or have two different
        engine types like the Pillar of Autum and still be kept defensive enough to not be a liability to the ships it would carry.
      Would separating Fuel from the Engine and Reactor make sense?
        What would fuel be? Would it be used for more than just engines? Would Reactors use the same fuel?
        Or would Engines be driven electrically by Reactors? Reactors without Engines could be found on planets and starbases, but
        would Engines without Reactors be anything at all?
        The point of an Engine is to allow the entity to move without relying on an orbit, so an engine without fuel would be like not
        having an engine at all. Is managing fuel fun? Or rather is it fun enough to be nessesary while also dealing with everything
        else?
      Water could be the Fuel for Fusion Reactors, made from H2 skimmed from gas giants and stars.
        Since water and light is needed to grow plants, and reactors take in water and produce power (light), then plant growth can be
        simplified to just needing power. Since pop requires food and water to grow, and since water is fuel for reactors and
        food (plants) require power to grow, then pop growth can be simplified to needing power to grow.
      The end result would be that pop requires the power from a reactor to grow, H2 could be stored as power that is consumed rather
      than as a fuel source that is converted to power, and engines could instead be beam / aura components that are added to a reactor
        Should an aura modded reactor allow for omnidirectional movement, or should it supply power to nearby ships?
        Supplying power to nearby ships should be done with a dedicated component. This would allow dyson spheres and mobile stars to
        coexist.
      
  Solution:
    Scanner - Crew Module - Reactor (Engine type)
    |S-S|C-C|R-E|
    |S-S|C-C|R-E|
    Each module is a Small (size 2), allowing the reactor to hold two components that dictate how the Reactor utilizes its power
    In this case, each Effect (engine) component should be a beam type component, since this Scout shouldn't be maneuverable, as it
    doesn't have the staying power to make combat viable. Rather, it should have the fastest possible speed for its Reactor size to
    explore as fast as it can go, as well as escape danger as fast as possible.
    
    have any staying power to give it any other 
